docs: Clearly mention devel:openQA in README (#1858)
os-autoinst/os-autoinst: README.asciidoc

=== Installing dependencies

On openSUSE one can install the package `os-autoinst-devel` from
link:https://build.opensuse.org/project/show/devel:openQA[devel:openQA] which

> pulls in all dependencies. See also link:https://open.qa/docs/#_development_version_repository[the openQA docs].

Reviewer: Not entirely correct. The package is within both openSUSE Leap as well as Tumbleweed and works to develop for the *corresponding version*. For Tumbleweed most likely it will nearly always work because it's recent enough.

Author: Neither Leap nor Tumbleweed is mentioned here. It works across versions so I would prefer to leave this generic.

Author: Btw installing os-autoinst-devel from default repos on Leap 15.2 is what I originally tried. So I'm against anything that makes it sound like a good idea to use default repos in general.

Reviewer: I still think it's a good idea to extend the README but with including that notion. How about just explaining that aspect and letting the reader decide.

Author: > one definitely needs additional repos which is not what I want to encourage. The preferred base should be Tumbleweed and only Tumbleweed.

So Tumbleweed should work fine with default repos? In that case I would make it a separate section.

Reviewer 2: What about:
> On openSUSE one can install the package `os-autoinst-devel` which pulls in all dependencies. Under Leap it is recommend to install it from devel:openQA as the distribution-provided packages are usually too old.

Reviewer: Not entirely correct (as I stated in https://github.com/os-autoinst/os-autoinst/pull/1858#discussion_r755851692 ) but acceptable.

How about

```suggestion
On openSUSE one can install the package `os-autoinst-devel` which provides all
the dependencies to build and run os-autoinst for the corresponding version of
sources. To build a current version of `os-autoinst` it is recommended to
install `os-autoinst-devel` from
link:https://build.opensuse.org/project/show/devel:openQA[devel:openQA] as the
distribution-provided packages might be too old or miss dependencies. This is
particularly true for openSUSE Leap. Also see
link:https://open.qa/docs/#_development_version_repository[the openQA docs].
```

=== Installing dependencies

On openSUSE one can install the package

> link:https://build.opensuse.org/project/show/devel:openQA[`os-autoinst-devel from devel:openQA`] which

Reviewer 2: "os-autoinst-devel from " should not be part of the link.

Reviewer 3: Why not?

Reviewer 2: Because the link only points to the project page and not to the package page.

Reviewer 3: ok. I am fine with either way

> pulls in all dependencies. See also link:https://open.qa/docs/#_development_version_repository[`the openQA docs`].

Reviewer 2: The link text shouldn't be formatted as code, remove the \` quotes.

Reviewer 3: Why not? :)

Reviewer 2: Because it isn't code or a command.

Author: That was in fact by accident :-D

Reviewer 3: Oh I misread this and thought it was also about the previous link...
